adds note about fastboot in dev mode (#137)
ember-learn/cli-guides: README.md

* `ember serve`
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).

> _Note:_ If you are developing in any online editor environment (like, [codesandbox.io](https://codesandbox.io), [gitpod.io](https://gitpod.io) etc.,), then may not able to serve the application properly because of FastBoot's domain configurations. In such case, you can disable fastboot in development mode by serving the ember app using `FASTBOOT_DISABLED=true ember serve` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note:_ If you are developing in any online editor environment like [codesandbox.io](https://codesandbox.io) or [gitpod.io](https://gitpod.io), then you may not able to serve the application properly because of FastBoot's domain configurations. In such cases, you can disable fastboot in development mode by serving the ember app using `FASTBOOT_DISABLED=true ember serve` command.
```

Reviewer: These are just some slight wording fixes. I think this is good to merge after they are applied. Thanks!
